Updates to reflect best practices for PR review (#220)
bitwarden/contributing-docs: docs/contributing/pull-requests/index.md

assigned teams to review it. If the changes are still in progress, leave the PR in `Draft` status.
Doing this ensures that reviewers can act on the "Ready for Review" as their signal to begin the
review process without further notification.

### Addressing feedback

It is likely that you will receive some feedback on your PR. You should see this as a positive thing
-- it signifies a healthy and thorough review process and an organizational commitment to code
quality. You may receive [comments](./code-review.md#comment) or a
[request for changes](./code-review.md#request-changes). You are encouraged to engage in
conversation on the PR to discuss a solution, but if any strong conflicting opinions arise it is
often best to move the conversation to a synchronous format to avoid any misunderstanding.

When any necessary changes have been made, you should address the comments or request for changes by
responding in the PR conversation thread. You are not responsible for resolving the conversation --
that is the prerogative of the reviewer, to ensure that they agree that the question or concern has

> been addressed.

Reviewer: This is also a significant clarification (different people do different things at the moment) - would like this highlighted when these changes are shared

**When you are ready for a reviewer to revisit your changes, you should request a re-review.** This
will notify the reviewer and ensure a prompt response.

</bitwarden>

## Reviewing the pull request

<bitwarden>

At Bitwarden, we believe that the act of reviewing PRs is a critically important part of each
engineer's job. It is as important, if not more important, than the act of writing code.

To ensure that teams within the organization operate on same set of assumptions for performing
reviews, we have agreed to a baseline set of expectations.

When a PR author opens a PR for review, they should have the expectation that:

- The act of opening the PR for review is the **only** notification required. Teams are responsible
  for properly configuring notifications so that team members are aware of their obligations.

> - The reviewing team(s) will respond within **48 hours** to:

Reviewer: I know this is going to be shared for discussion, but my 2 cents: I would prefer this be expressed in business days rather than hours. e.g. you cannot (should not) review code on public holidays or weekends.

2 business days seems fine to me as a starting point.

Author: This has been addressed with [`97745a9` (#220)](https://github.com/bitwarden/contributing-docs/pull/220/commits/97745a966668222428fa4a404f7f36349ffa2d9d).

responding in the PR conversation thread. You are not responsible for resolving the conversation -
that is the prerogative of the reviewer, to ensure that they agree that the question or concern has
been addressed.

**When you are ready for a reviewer to revisit your changes, you should request a re-review.** This
will notify the reviewer and ensure a prompt response.

</bitwarden>

## Reviewing the pull request

<bitwarden>

At Bitwarden, we believe that the act of reviewing PRs is a critically important part of each
engineer's job. It is as important, if not more important, than the act of writing code.

To ensure that teams within the organization operate on same set of assumptions for performing
reviews, we have agreed to a baseline set of expectations.

When a PR author opens a PR for review, they should have the expectation that:

- The act of opening the PR for review is the **only** notification required. Teams are responsible
  for properly configuring notifications so that team members are aware of their obligations.
- The reviewing team(s) will respond within **24 hours** to:
  - Provide a review,
  - Inform the author when a review will be provided, or

>   - Ask the author to split the work into a smaller PR for review

Reviewer 2: **issue:** This line needs to be expanded upon and supported by a section informing the author on how to create PRs for an intended change. This could be added to the branching document and linked here.

I think this is the primary reason for our large PR backlog. My recommendation would be limiting PRs to 1000 loc and preferring config or software feature flagging to allow for incomplete features to be present in the codebase.

```suggestion
  - Ask the author to split the work into a smaller PR for review. Suggest reasonable axes to on which to divide the work (see [branching for large features](#link-to-new-section)
```

Author: @MGibson1, I've addressed this by completely revamping the branching page, in https://github.com/bitwarden/contributing-docs/pull/220/commits/440c84df3eaf50e502c4c2668804a8217b540b42.  As we are moving closer to a trunk-based branching scheme, with the preference toward merging to `master`, I felt that it was better to focus on how to build small, incremental changes and not detail the complex branching scenarios we had to handle previously around Short-Lived Feature Branches and Long-Lived Feature Branches.  I'd welcome any feedback on it.

I also thought that something like this might be nice to have: https://github.com/marketplace/actions/pull-request-size-labeler

Reviewer 2: I think you nailed it, thank you.

I'm not really that convinced that the labels would have value, but the concept certainly does. If you think that'll help encourage people to smaller bites let's do it!

:::

## Creating a pull request

The Bitwarden repositories have a _Pull Request template_ which should be followed. This will ensure
the PR review goes smoothly since it will provide context to the reviewer.

<community>

> Once a community PRs has been created, they will be automatically be linked to an internal Jira ticket. The

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once a community PR has been created, it will be automatically be linked to an internal Jira ticket. The
```

Author: Fixed in the latest commits.

> internal ticket is used for prioritization and tracking purposes.

Reviewer 4: The reason this was inlined before was to get it in the same sentence. Just wanted to verify this is an intentional change.

Author: I think it's back to the way it was now.  I had separated it out so that the tags were clearer, but I do see that it flows better as a single paragraph.

</community>

<bitwarden>

> When creating the PR, include a Jira ticket reference so the reviewer can gain all context on the work, as well as links to any associated PRs in other repositories.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When creating the PR include a Jira ticket reference so the reviewer can gain all context on the work as well as links to any associated PRs in other repositories.
```

Author: Fixed in the latest commits.

### Tagging reviewers

We use `CODEOWNERS` in each repository to assign the reviewing teams based on the files in the PR.
These reviews are required for the changes to be merged to `master`.

You can tag additional teams or individuals for review as you see fit, including `@dept-design` for
any design changes.

### Opening the PR for review

As its name implies, marking a PR as "Ready for Review" indicates that you are ready for all
assigned teams to review it. If the changes are still in progress, leave the PR in `Draft` status.
Doing this ensures that reviewers can act on the "Ready for Review" as their signal to begin the
review process without further notification.

</bitwarden>

> ## Reviewing the pull request

Reviewer 4: Do we want to leave a note somewhere about re-requesting review once the feedback is resolved? I've noticed it's sometimes not done which delays new reviews.

Reviewer 3: Also support. This helps a lot, especially when many teams are involved in a review.

Author: I created a section called "Addressing feedback" that includes this, as well as a recommendation to allow the commenter to "Resolve conversation" - if that's not our position I can remove that part.

<bitwarden>

At Bitwarden, we believe that the act of reviewing PRs is a critically important part of each
engineer's job. It is as important, if not more important, than the act of writing code.

To ensure that teams within the organization operate on same set of assumptions for performing
reviews, we have agreed to a baseline set of expectations.

When a PR author opens a PR for review, they should have the expectation that:

- The act of opening the PR for review is the **only** notification required. Teams are responsible

>   for properly configuring notifications so that team members are aware of their obligations.

Reviewer 4: I would want us to document some available integrations, and give teams a chance to start using them, before actively enforcing it.

Reviewer 3: Handy link on more info: https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/organizations/organizing-members-into-teams/managing-code-review-settings-for-your-team

I don't know if we need anything more than what GitHub provides. Maybe Slack reminders?

Reviewer 4: I get 30+ notifications daily which makes GH notifications mostly unusable without spending a non trivial amount of time maintaining it.

Author: I've added a section for this:
![image](https://github.com/bitwarden/contributing-docs/assets/106564991/62f458a2-257e-4752-b1a3-7898dcfcd2bd).

My assumption was that the build-in reminder integration with Slack was sufficient and we didn't need to customize anything, but that may not be the case.

Reviewer: I expect that removing tech-leads as the default reviewer should help with notification overload.

- The reviewing team(s) will respond within **24 hours** to:
  - Provide a review,
  - Inform the author when a review will be provided, or

>   - Ask the author to split the work into a smaller PR for review

Reviewer: Has the team agreed to a 24 hour PR review deadline? I haven't seen any discussion about this, but I may have missed it.

Reviewer 4: Not to my knowledge. I'm not against this though but it should be communicated.

I also think we need to spend further effort to clean up tech-leads codeowners since I haven't found a way to exclude them from review filters.

Author: I agree.  I wanted to discuss here and then communicate in a bulleted list to the teams in Slack.  This felt like a good place to start the discussion.  I’m not in any way pushing for 24 - if we want to have a longer timeframe that’s fine.  My main concern is having everyone bought in on what the timeframe is so we don’t have to resort to pinging on Slack for every PR.

Reviewer 3: Maybe "business day"? I personally feel one day is actually pretty tough unless engineers can be in formal support rotations and have this as a priority.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what would be a reasonable deadline here, although I agree 1 business day is tight. 2 business days?

This is not a very visible place for discussion and this would be a fairly major change to the current expectations, I suggest sharing in Slack.

:::info Follow-up notification

If there is no response to a request for review in 24 hours, the author should reach out to the

> team(s) - or to individual engineers if assigned - via Slack to follow up.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
team(s) -- or to individual engineers if assigned -- via Slack to follow up.
```

Author: Fixed in the latest commits.

> This should wait for 24 hours to allow the default process to take place and not overwhelm the team

Reviewer 3: ℹ️ Other thread will potentially need updating here too.

with notifications on multiple platforms.

:::

###

</bitwarden>

<community>

> Once a Community PR has been created, a Bitwarden developer will perform a code review. While we try

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once a Community PR has been created a Bitwarden developer will perform a code review. While we try
```

Author: Fixed in the latest commits.
